Bare minimal development documentation (#23)
submariner-io/submariner-bot: README.md

# submariner-bot

> ## how it works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How it works
```

submariner-bot listens for webhook events on port 3000 over http. Those events
are in the github webhook event format

> https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described [here](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads)
```

> We use a library that provides a good interface to handle those events:
> 
> * https://github.com/go-playground/webhooks/tree/master/github
> 
> Which are handled here:
> https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-bot/blob/devel/pkg/handler/handler.go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use a [library](https://github.com/go-playground/webhooks/tree/master/github) that provides a good interface to handle those events which are handled [here](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-bot/blob/devel/pkg/handler/handler.go):
```

> ## developing and testing locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Developing and testing locally
```

> You just need go to run and test submariner-bot locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need Go to run and test submariner-bot locally:
```

```
export GO111MODULE=on
export GITHUB_TOKEN=<a token, you can create one in https://github.com/settings/tokens>
export WEBHOOK_SECRET=your-random-phrase # this is a password for anybody accessing submariner-bot
export SSH_PK=/your/ssh/private/key
go run pkg/main/main.go  # or just do it from your favorite IDE
```

> Then you can push events into localhost:3000, there are probably tools to simulate events
> but if you want to simulate it on your host you can run create a public endpoint with `ngrok`
> (see https://ngrok.com/) , I recommend signing up for the free version because your tunnels
> will not be time-limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can push events to localhost:3000. There are probably tools to simulate events
but if you want to simulate it on your host you can create a public endpoint with `ngrok`
(see https://ngrok.com/). You should sign up for the free version so your tunnels
will not be time-limited.
```

On another terminal (keep it open)
```bash

> $ ngrok authtoken <blah blah blah, this is providen when you sign-up, optional>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ngrok authtoken <this is provided when you sign-up, optional>
```

$ ngrok http  3000
ngrok by @inconshreveable                                                    (Ctrl+C to quit)

Session Status                online
Account                       your-email (Plan: Free)
Version                       2.3.40
Region                        United States (us)
Web Interface                 http://127.0.0.1:4040
Forwarding                    http://f05c3eb7fe60.ngrok.io -> http://localhost:3000
Forwarding                    https://f05c3eb7fe60.ngrok.io -> http://localhost:3000

Connections                   ttl     opn     rt1     rt5     p50     p90
                              0       0       0.00    0.00    0.00    0.00
```

> At this point you can ask a submariner admin to setup your webhook while in development,
> they will need the forwarding address `https://f05c3eb7fe60.ngrok.io` and your WEBHOOK_SECRET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point you'll need a submariner admin to setup your webhook while in development with the forwarding address `https://f05c3eb7fe60.ngrok.io` and your WEBHOOK_SECRET.
```
